[FAB-18098] Update 1.4 docs for devmode (#1664)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/peer-chaincode-devmode.rst

All commands are executed from the ``fabric`` folder.

Setup environment
-----------------
Build binaries for orderer, peer and configtxgen.
::

>     make orderer; make peer; make configtxgen;

Reviewer: Can't this just be done in a single call? 

`make orderer peer configtxgen`

Reviewer 2: 🛠️

::

Setup PATH environment variable to include orderer and peer binaries.
::
    cd /.build/bin/; export=$PATH:$(pwd)
::

> Setup FABRIC_CFG_PATH to point at sampleconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup FABRIC_CFG_PATH to point to the sampleconfig directory.
```

Reviewer 2: 🛠️

::

>     cd /sampleconfig/; export FABRIC_CFG_PATH=$(pwd)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    cd sampleconfig/; export FABRIC_CFG_PATH=$(pwd)
```

Remove beginning `/`

Author: done.
